Update docs with the workaround (#4272)
rancher/docs: content/k3s/latest/en/installation/network-options/_index.md

If you are using a custom cni plugin, i.e. a cni plugin different from flannel, the previous configuration might not be enough to enable dual-stack in the cni plugin. Please check how to enable dual-stack in its documentation and verify if network policies can be enabled.

> > **Warning:** Kubernetes 1.24 and 1.25 includes a bug that ignores the node ipv6 addresses if you have a dual-stack environment and you are not using the default NIC for the cluster traffic. To avoid this bug, add the following flag to both k3s servers and agents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Kubernetes 1.24 and 1.25 include a bug that ignores the node IPv6 addresses if you have a dual-stack environment and you are not using the default network interface card (NIC) for the cluster traffic. To avoid this bug, add the following flag to both K3s servers and agents:
```

```

> --kubelet-arg "--node-ip=0.0.0.0" # If you want to prioritize IPv6 traffic, use "--node-ip=::" instead of "--node-ip=0.0.0.0"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--kubelet-arg "--node-ip=0.0.0.0" # If you want to prioritize IPv6 traffic, use "--node-ip=::" instead of "--node-ip=0.0.0.0".
```
